Esto es una producción de Choco Inglés.
Deer hunting can feel out of character
for beginners, but with time, it becomes
second nature.
My wife thinks I'm out of my mind
spending so much time hunting.
Same here, but I love it.
It's a sport that requires patience and focus.
Things can go out of your hands, and
every moment counts.
In the end, deer hunting is more than a sport.
It's about tradition, nature, and connection.
Whether you're seasoned or new, it's an
experience that keeps bringing people back.
In the United States, it is estimated
that around 6 to 7 million deer are
harvested each year, primarily in states
like Texas, Pennsylvania, Michigan, and Wisconsin.
On average, a harvested deer yields
approximately 50 to 70 pounds, 23 to 32
kilograms, of consumable meat, depending
on the size and species, such as white
-tailed deer, mule deer, etc.
This means the total amount of meat
harvested annually ranges from 300
million to 420 million pounds, 136
million to 190 million kilograms.
That's a significant amount of meat.
Programa producido por Choco Inglés.
Gracias.